Add and update meta descriptions in Core docs 2.1.6 - closes #611 (#612)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/commander.adoc

= Commander commands
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Core Commander commands covers all relevant commands to manage Lisk Core through the command-line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Lisk Core Commander commands page covers all relevant commands to manage the Lisk Core application with Lisk Commander.
```
